experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "model_args_s['MoreErrorPlusComboNN'] = dict(n_inputs = 4,\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "model_args_s['MoreErrorPlusComboNN_v2'] = dict(n_inputs = 4,\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "tested_settings = {}  #empty for all{'MoreErrorPlusComboNN'} # {'errorPlusComboNN'}"
experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['Smith','MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['Smith','MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['Smith','MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['Smith','MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns_experimental.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['Smith','MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "model_args_s['MoreErrorPlusComboNN'] = dict(n_inputs = 4,\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "model_args_s['MoreErrorPlusComboNNrepeat'] = dict(n_inputs = 4,\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "model_args_s['MoreErrorPlusComboNN_v2'] = dict(n_inputs = 4,\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "tested_settings = {'MoreErrorPlusComboNNrepeat'}  #empty for all{'MoreErrorPlusComboNN'} # {'errorPlusComboNN'}"
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:      "skipping setting \"MoreErrorPlusComboNN\"\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:      "skipping setting \"MoreErrorPlusComboNN_v2\"\n"
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['Smith','MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['Smith','MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['Smith','MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['Smith','MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
experimental/full_parallel_nns.ipynb:    "for ii, model_name in enumerate(['Smith','MoreErrorPlusComboNN']):\n",
